Add PaymasterNFT and PaymasterERC20 (#75)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-community-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

## XX-XX-XXXX

- `PaymasterNFT`: Extension of `PaymasterCore` that approves sponsoring of user operation based on ownership of an ERC-721 NFT.

> - `PaymasterERC20`: Extension of `PaymasterCore` that sponsores transaction against payment in ERC-20 tokens.

Author: ```suggestion
- `PaymasterERC20`: Extension of `PaymasterCore` that sponsors user operations against payment in ERC-20 tokens.
```
